Introduce environment for code snippets (#7515)
handsontable/handsontable: examples/templates/vue/README.md

# {{ YOUR TITLE GOES HERE }}

## Description

{{ YOUR DESCRIPTION GOES HERE }}

## Live preview

> You can preview this template on CodeSandbox  under the URL: https://githubbox.com/handsontable/code-snippets/tree/master/examples/templates/vue

Reviewer: Since this is a template we should place a wildcard so the dev will notice it has to be updated:

```suggestion
You can preview this template on CodeSandbox  under the URL: https://githubbox.com/handsontable/code-snippets/tree/master/{{ PATH TO THE EXAMPLE }}
```

Author: Done https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/7515/commits/4cedf4a98e61e6ca3bd794aacadbac53b0f563fa

## How to run this project

### Installation

> Call `npm install` to install all necessary dependencies. This command will first remove `node_modules` folder and install testing tools (`jasmine`, `jasmine-console-reporter`, `puppeteer` and `http-server`) from the root directory.

Reviewer: Do not mention the deps, we will have to update readme each time we decide to change them. Dev deps should be internal and free to refactor anytime. Devs know what `npm install` does with `node_modules`

```suggestion
Call `npm install` to install all necessary dependencies.
```

Applies to all readme.md's

Author: Done https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/7515/commits/4cedf4a98e61e6ca3bd794aacadbac53b0f563fa

### Development

To start local development server call `npm run start`. Now you can visit http://localhost:8080 to view this project.

### Testing

In order to run tests for this project you have two options:

1. Call `npm run start` which will launch the development server and after the server is running, call `npm run jasmine` to run test specs.
2. Call `npm run test` which will build the project, then start the server on the production output folder, run test specs and close the server.

> ## License

Reviewer: I guess my mistake here, too detailed. We should use simple MIT:

```## Licensing

This wrapper is released under the MIT license.

Copyrights belong to Handsoncode sp. z o.o.
```

Applies to all README.md's

Author: Done https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/7515/commits/4cedf4a98e61e6ca3bd794aacadbac53b0f563fa

Reviewer: Yeah, but you left the "wrapper" wording. Shouldn't it be "This example is release under the MIT license." ?

Author: Yup.. done https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/7515/commits/f2451dc5d3e984c26d4069587dcb03b2d6517b2a

Handsontable is dual-licensed. You can either use a free license for all your non-commercial projects or purchase a commercial license. See the table below for a comparison of these two.

<table>
  <thead align="center">
    <tr>
      <th width="50%">Free license</th>
      <th width="50%">Paid license</th>
    </tr>    
  </thead>
  <tbody align="center">
    <tr>
      <td>For non-commercial purposes such as teaching, academic research, personal experimentation, and evaluating  on development and testing servers.</td>
      <td>For all commercial purposes</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>All features are available</td>
      <td>All features are available</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Community support</td>
      <td>Dedicated support</td>
    </tr>    
    <tr>
      <td><a href="//github.com/handsontable/handsontable/blob/master/LICENSE.txt">Read the license</a></td>
      <td><a href="//handsontable.com/pricing">See plans</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Contact support

> We provide support for all users through [GitHub issues](https://github.com/handsontable/vue-handsontable-official/issues). If you have a commercial license then you can add a new ticket through the [contact form](https://handsontable.com/contact?category=technical_support).

Reviewer: Please check all the links. The github.com/handsontable/vue-handsontable-official will no longer be valid after Monorepo. All links should link to our handsontable/handsontable repo

Author: Done https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/7515/commits/4cedf4a98e61e6ca3bd794aacadbac53b0f563fa
